begin at the back of your mat if you
together hands at your heart and set an
intention for your practice
feel how your feet root down into the
ground or your breath flows up from your
feet towards the crown of your head and
then begin to slowly sweep the arms up
to the sky inhale exhale bow forward
hands touch the earth inhale walk your
hands forward out into your plank pose
and then when you exhale slowly lower
yourself down like you're hugging the
earth point the toes back lift your
chest inhale exhale release curl your
toes under and shift back to downward
dog feel the length of your spine in
your downward dog making sure the neck
is relaxed the face is soft and then
begin to walk your hands back to your
feet let your spine drape down and then
inhale roll all the way up let the arms
flow to the sky ones the legs are
straight exhale hands come at your heart
inhale sweep your arms up and overhead
exhale fold forward release inhale walk
your hands out in front of you out into
plank pose curl your tailbone under and
lift your navel to your spine exhale
lower down with that super strong core
point your toes back ripple the spine up
to Cobra exhale curl the toes under and
shift back to downward dog can we when
to feel your feet feel your hands
pressing down in the earth
again walk your hands to your feet let
your spine drape down all the thoughts
trip to arts the earth and then roll
your spine up arms flow to the sky
shoulders stay down exhale hands at your
heart inhale sweep the arms up and
exhale bow forward let your hips go up
while the crown of the head releases
inhale walk your hands out in front of
you one more time and then exhale hug
the earth with your hands when you'd
lower yourself down with a strong core
and a straight spine pull your toes back
activate your feet your legs when you
lift inhale exhale stretch back to
downward dog and then go ahead bring
your knees down underneath your hips
from your downward facing dog
begin to slide your hands toward you
stand on your knees and let the heart
and the arms rise exhale bow forward
touch the earth next to your knees
inhale lift your arms lift chest and on
your knees exhale bow forward fingertips
touch inhale for the last time rise up
with a spine exhale bow forward it's
time with the hands in front of you
touch the earth with your forehead feel
how you can rest here supported by the
ground underneath you and then curl your
toes under and shift back to downward
dog big toes come together in the center
line of your mat lift your right leg up
into the sky flex the foot reach the leg
away from the ground and then when you
exhale let your knee come to your chest
round your spine and step the foot
forward now when you inhale shift your
hips back flex the right foot and
lengthen the
like and then when you exhale left heel
back heart forward inhale shift your
hips back lengthen the right leg exhale
bend the right knee heart forward inhale
keep some lift in the left leg also when
you exhale bend the front knee now press
both hands down step into a plank pose
from here inhale exhale knees to the
ground shift your hips back and then
when you inhale arms rise chest lifts
exhale bow forward towards the ground
fingertips by your feet this time let
your chest lift open the heart here
exhale way forward hands slide out in
front of you downward facing dog
big toes touch inhale the left leg to
the sky keeping the leg strong flex the
foot and then when you exhale bring your
left knee into your chest and step your
foot forward same thing here frame your
food with your fingertips inhale bring
your hips away straighten the left leg
exhale heart forward heel back inhale
hips away lengthen exhale inhale waving
back neck is free exhale Bend press both
hands down step into plank pose when you
inhale exhale knees to the ground shift
your hips back slide your arms up wave
them to the sky inhale exhale bow
forward fingertips touch next to your
feet inhale lift your chest up towards
the sky shoulder blades draw back exhale
bow forward hands in front of you
downward facing dog let the big toes
meet again and then inhale the right leg
lifts to the sky
he'll you can ground your hands and then
step the foot in between your hands now
now from here the left foot is gonna
step in quite a bit the right hip draws
back so that you can square the hips and
then feel the length in your spine here
heart reaches forward exhale bow forward
towards the foot now if you feel when
you wave down that your spine starts
around either place your hands on blocks
if you have them or just place the hands
on your shin or your upper leg so you
want to keep the spine as straight as
you can right hip draws back left hip
goes forward grounding both feet and
then bend your front knee press the
hands down left heel is up step into
plank inhale exhale knees to the ground
shift your hips back rise up from your
knees let the chest lift naval lift
strong core exhale bow forward
fingertips behind the feet this time
either lift the chest or also lift your
heart press the hips forward maybe neck
goes back exhale release hands are in
front of you downward facing dog big
toes meet left leg goes up into the sky
press into both hands feel the grounding
of your right foot and then exhale knee
to chest step your foot forward bring
your right heel in quite a bit and then
square your hips so the left hip goes
back and the right thigh goes a little
bit in sort of right hip goes forward
lengthen your spine inhale and when you
exhale you way forward so you can do
that a few times to ease yourself into
the pose and once you've found a study
place breathe there you can notice if
the spine
rounded and if so hence come just a
little higher whether it's on your shin
on your thigh horn blocks inhale bend
your front knee step the right foot a
little bit back come to plank inhale
exhale knees to the earth slide your
hands toward you inhale lift the heart
to the sky really feel the opening and
the lengthening here exhale bow forward
hands come behind the feet lift your
chest or also lift your hips and an
exhale release that slowly down hands in
front of you downward dog big toes
together right leg to the sky exhale
knee to chest step your foot in between
your hands ground the left heel and then
from here let your arms rise up and
above your head press down into both
feet for your warrior one spread the
toes as much as you can lengthen your
spine and free your neck and then feel
the energy going from your toes up
toward your hands hands relieved that
your hard turn your right toes towards
the left so the small side of your feet
is parallel with the small side of your
mat inhale reach the heart up exhale
fold forward let your hands come either
behind your back or down in front of you
underneath the shoulders the spine folds
forward with feet press down into the
earth and the sit bones lift notice that
the more you press down into your feet
the more you can create length in your
spine and in your legs fingertips come
down back on the earth inhale exhale
walk your hands back to the right press
them down next to the right foot step to
inhale exhale knees come down underneath
the hips this time when you inhale lift
your arms to the sky repeat any of the
variations that we've done or come to
full camel pose catch your heels at the
heart and the hips go forward and up if
this is too much just choose a different
variation that we've done exhale hands
come forward curl the toes under and
come to downward dog big toes meet for
the last time lift the left leg up to
the sky keep it super strong straight
exhale knee to your chest step the foot
forward right heel grounds this time let
your arms live bend your left knee above
your ankle draw the right hip forward
and the left hip a little bit back so
you feel beautiful strength in your
pelvis lift your arms above your head
shoulders release down and feel your
roots here like a tree or mountain
exhale hands come at your heart turn
your feet towards the left press them
down hands on your hips inhale ripple
the spine up exhale bow forward to
Bard's the earth either interlace the
hands behind your back and fold or hands
can come underneath the shoulders if
that's better for you once more instead
of focusing on what you're looking at
notice if you can focus on your feet
okay on your roots on your legs draw the
energy up from your legs and then
release your hands down inhale lengthen
exhale walk the hands to your left foot
press them down inhale plank pose super
strong core exhale knees to the earth
slide your hands back lift your chest
ripple the spine up reach exhale any of
the variations of camel pose that we've
done fingertips behind
next to you or hands on your heels
letting the core be strong to support
your low back hard to the sky and then
exhale lift off sit back this time rest
in your child spoons knees can come wide
if you like let your forehead rest
either on your hands or in the earth and
feel the deep release in your body
inhale rise back from your knees bring
your knees together
and then shift your feet to one side so
you can sit down on your buttock
now here start to straighten out your
legs bring them as wide as your mat if
you like or closer together reach the
fingertips up to the sky when you inhale
and then exhale reach forward and up and
catch anything you can find whether it's
your toes whether it's the outside of
your feet your shins or your thighs if
you've got your toes you can start to
bend your elbows to try to be patient
here there's no point in pushing
yourself into a pose that is unnatural
for you you always seek for balance and
energy in our bodies we never want to
feel stuck here and in the end it
doesn't really matter if you can touch
your toes or not inhale lengthen your
spine and slowly come back up point your
toes and I start to bring your hands
behind you fingertips point towards the
buttock and then see if you can press
away from the earth lift your heart lift
your hips reach the heart to the sky
maybe the head goes back full expression
here and then exhale lower yourself down
well done shift your hips forward and
then slowly start to roll down your
spine use your core strength here after
that back band that we did keeping the
feet on the ground as much as you can
and then release his shoulders and bring
your knees into your chest give them a
nice hug feel how your low back starts
to relax
notice once more how the ground is
supporting you here
you notice your breath as it flows
through the nose through the body and
you open your arms wide like a tea and
relax both knees on your right side it
feels comfortable for your neck let your
head relax towards the left you try not
to force the twist instead receive the
twist bring your knees back to Center
and then relax them on the other side if
it feels okay for the head look over to
your right hand breathing into the side
body as it opens please come back to
Center and then let your hands come to
the outside of your feet for either
happy baby pose or a little wide lag
happy baby pose stretching the legs so
either keeping your knees Bend or
straightening the legs bend me variation
you can have the knees on the outside of
your body and now see if you can
straighten the legs just a bit more and
then bring the legs together and see if
you can start to move the inner thighs
together so you really make super strong
legs now lift your chest lift your head
just for a breath inhale and exhale
release let your knees go cross your
feet and take the outside of your feet
here rocking a bit from side to side
releasing even more and then place the
feet back on the ground let the feet
come together the knees wide for a
reclined baddha konasana I'm supporting
my outer thighs with my hands as I
don't have pillows here in nature but if
you have some pillows or some blocks or
rolled-up blankets can place them
underneath your thighs so that your
thighs don't have to hold on to the
bones in order to release if the pose
does feel a little intense though you
can just straighten the legs and go for
a normal shavasana so feel where you are
the most grounded and choose for death
moods and wherever you are start to tune
into your natural breath feel how you
are connected to the ground to the space
around you with your breath
can you move your hands fingers your
toes and bring your knees to your chest
you don't roll yourself to one side and
rock yourself up bring your hands at
your heart come to see dent namaste
you